Update index.md (#41)
UtrechtUniversity/research-engineering: _pages/projects/index.md

### Current projects

| [Hyde](https://github.com/UtrechtUniversity/hyde-code) |
| --- | 
| **Time frame**: 11/2022 - present |

> | **Research domain**: Geo Sciences |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Research domain**: Faculty of Geosciences |
```

| **Technologies**: Python, packaging, code quality| 
| **Research Engineers**: [Jelle Treep](https://www.uu.nl/staff/HJTreep), [Raoul Schram](https://www.uu.nl/staff/RDSchram), [Maarten Schermer](https://github.com/maartenschermer) |

> | The hyde projec concerns the world wide historical land use. The hyde project was already a well established software project, with more than 16K lines of python code. We are helping the project by introducing modern software techniques and workflows.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The [HYDE project](https://landuse.sites.uu.nl/hyde-project/) concerns the world wide historical land use. The HYDE project was already a well established software project, with more than 16K lines of python code. We are helping the project by introducing modern software techniques and workflows.|
```
